It is time to get into the weeds of JavaScript by writing some code.
Finally we're going to be coding along to understand the fundamental principles of the language and
we will continue to do so for the rest of this course.
Hurray I know everybody's happy.
No more staring at slides.
I mean we're still gonna have slides but don't worry we'll get some coding done too.
In this section we're going to speak about things that underlie the way the language works and the topics
that come up again and again for senior javascript developer interviews.
By the end of this section you will know what each of these terms meet but also be able to use this
to your advantage to analyze code to write better code and just a heads up.
You're going to learn some words in here that sound a lot more complex than they really are.
However they're important.
And by the end of this section you should feel comfortable discussing them and using them when speaking
about code.
So enough talk let's get started.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.